Come on, let me feel the movement ...
This was a well-known eviute known as Fussie
He was in his mind and was famous and spread through social media and systems
What he called the play "Die die and love live" in the Greek theater
But when someone said that there was a bomb threat was about 1500 visitors at the escape ceremony ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
What the hell is the problem with YouTube? Learn not only YouTube but YouTube
Specifically Well we barely forgot what happened with Tanikon but apparently one of the
The most freaky utiobers fouseytube saw Tanakun and thought of himself ...
I can do it but worst this is true guys fouseytube
The man who falsified the drama with Rice Kumari Oh .. Rice came and hit me
This is a medical disorder
It's an ottoir type which is so big that literally it can not take
Any form of criticism and I'm sure he will watch this video and say oh my God
Biodaybay talked about me guys Wow I'm very important .. You are not important
I would like to clear it up I've done this video specifically to ridicule you that it is not a compliment
I do not praise you but it seems that the king hahtag returned to you guys and can say that the event was
Disaster ... First a lot of people appeared for this concert in coordination with
The quotation marks seem to have a fussy idea that he has five days to go for
Organizing the most beggar party in Los Angeles "Cochilla free" as he calls it
I told them where the tickets would be on their own 318 tickets lost to that
They have gone and the people are not selling the tickets anymore
I heard this guys you previously had these free tickets just gone
Thousands and thousands of ticket tickets have just ended thousands and thousands
They do not stop this stuff today a lot of people came to my event I am
Really important ... I still remember me .. are not you guys?
People are actually re-selling tickets as I imagined.
This event fails and there are many similarities with Tanakon on people's promises to emerge
This has not really happened and I really mean it at all
Fusi had said that Drake would be there and did not say it technically
But it had been hinted and the fans had bought it as well as put Drake in the thumbnail and say that Drake would appear in the
This video will get a million viewing two million views
Kim Starr .. The little fiddling pet knew something was happening
- No - we do not actually know what is true
- That 's why everyone registered on July 15th
- Who do you think will come here? - You
I'm actually .. I'm going to be here
- You're like Snoop Dogg here .. - I think I'm like Snoop Dogg
The work of the law of general attraction Jake will come here because of the law
- That 's why it' s true that he 's here - you guys think Drake' s coming here
- Yes
Good order .. Good opportunity .. Good opportunity
It's a very good chance Drake was in New York during the event by the way
It certainly would not come
And if it does it will be 10 hours late it will be like a proprietary clatter at
The concert because you do not know who will come and this is the fun part
Jay Cole will come the fun part is that I can not tell you who will come to this
Event but learn I will announce the name of all these great rappers if they appear or not
You know I technically did not say anything, I know what they got
What they got instead was much better than Takashi Six Nine better than Jay
Cole is much better than Drake they have "Little Bobby" legs ... that's true
Little rappers are still spreading I feel that any new rap singer is at this stage
It appears with the name "small" at first I did not hear about
Immediately I want this person just to disappear here .... we will start now ðŸŽµ night as *** *** *** great wants to go .. not only we **** and hate to stop .. any ðŸŽµ
He simply sings this style for 6 minutes I'm not kidding
I will not bother you to show it to you, but that's really it and it's trying
Teach his audience to sing this style no one remembers style and no one
Really cares .. ðŸŽµ Little Bobby I'm small .. Come on ðŸŽµ .. Look at this audience .. If they are not a burning audience .. I do not know how the audience seems to be working
ðŸŽµcan **** **** and i want to ***** ***** ***** with ***** so do not stop ðŸŽµ
If ... he really did not succeed in making the audience flared .. So "Little Bobby" with his genius
He decided ... I know? Maybe I should give Tishirt a free gift to the followers then
They will start .. Bobby .. who wants it! Now I do not want to underestimate these artists
None of them was bad, but no one knew who they were and at least the people who came
For this event did not come Leru "Little Bobby" did not come Leru man little cake
They did not come to see Kim Star F. See how this was sold
Thousands and thousands of tickets disappeared, let's start
Hihihihi .. He said it
- I will do it very much - he said it
Listen to Pete Boraj
Great .. clearly have been paid to them to appear, young people listened to this person .... Bruges .. did the same thing only
What is going on? What is your news? Los Angeles Thank you guys so much
To go out and show support for both creators and Fusi Tube we are
We could not do it without you guys "love live and hate die" you know
What do I mean by this .. And I will give the microphone to Alex .. Come here come Rahbo Aleix Ya Shabab
You are what I mean, you guys .. I just will be like
Uh .. how are you?
Wow, did Fosi collect all this in only 7 days!
Look at this ..
This madness will become mad I do not know exactly what will
Happens but I'm excited no one knows what will happen I liked when he said I need 2 million
Watching for Drake and got 1.9 million views then the video was blocked due to
So copyrighted video literally never would get 2 million views .... I was here and I was afraid we did not have a reception
Police say the caller claimed there was a device in the theater
The crackers and the K-9 were called in the search. They were not physically there
A device found and regardless of the direct threat it was decided that
The location must be vacated and this decision was taken by the General Staff
Here in conjunction with our discovery of officers and supervisors .... and some big Asami
The artists will take away at this point in fact I'm from Chicago and I came here
I expected to meet Drake and things got very bad unexpectedly
It was a bit of a disappointment ..... Drake was supposed to be here and LeBron James
It's supposed to be here Jake Cole should have been here obviously these people were very happy
With the transformation of this event why it continues to make events stop working
Utopus events stopped just stopping. Why did you reach this idea Tanakun organized
Event in 30 days, was a full disaster I will be organizing the event in seven
The days I can prove that I can bring about a bigger disaster you think you are worse
What about you, Tana? No I'm the worst Faussie Tyup back after
On the car park the representation began as if it were Christ
- Hey guys do you say something? - Yup
If you are ..
I'm looking for you dead in your eyes the ***** I can not hide that I love you
I love you. We love you too
Shorten to 10 minutes later
Do I know what I should tell my story? You will make a documentary about it
So you can publish it after the facts .. then you can appear in the hot news and Fusi *****
- Good Good Good - Speaking of success I became a good person why do not you use the profit to be good people
Why can not I make a special success story
- What he does - you are still talking about trivial things, but before we get into it I feel like
We need a little bit more explanation of why acting so what is his problem I do not care enough for
Discover but I think if you tell me I will listen
Welcome any time guys, I'll make it clear that now the fouseytube was on tour
Australia and realized that .. Wow I used to get a lot of fans coming to my league
This is almost not happening. I'm not as famous as it used to be
People do not care about me as much as they should .. Maybe I should just be eliminated
This event is creating a new one and maybe I can make it so free
More people will then show up and lie about a lot about these artists who
They will show up but we sold 375 tickets to show in Australia, and sat there and you
Something like that is not true because in 2012 before he became famous on YouTube
I got a sold offer for 3000 people in Australia in Australia ... Wow I used to get on
3000 people follow me now I have only 300 oh man and he somehow got it from
His boss (Kanye West) ... U sit there
People are not as easy as .. How big is the same I understood?
What's wrong with that is what if we all do it as a people and do not recognize it as arrogance or
I arrogate myself and say I understand how strong I am as a person
Because that would be just as disgusting as you are now
He also took a full Drake look for some reason giving money
Giving twenty Australian dollars free to fans is a very big deal
How much is the Australian dollar? .. to transfer 200?
Take it, give it to the people, pass it around
Fussie Tome is a man of people .. U .. How much is equal to the Australian dollar .. Haha
- What a myth to make sure to photograph this camera .. Well - Hey guys ..
I know that Drake's father laughed loudly thousands of tickets just gone for free
Tickets just gone for free ha ha ha ha ha ha crazy is absolutely crazy it
Making a video says I can not believe I'm here
You know, I know Drake 's father. You know that it' s not difficult or whatever
I'm just a friend .. A friend of Drake's father we're hanging out together .. We're playing Fortnight together
He also went to the office of "TMZ" as he did "Kani" when he was
He is promoting his album so that "Cayenne" got it so I guess I can do it
I invite you to July 15 hey ... literally "TMZ" now ..
- What are you doing now .. ? - Ha?
- Only video-literal images I want "TMZ" now that it's burning. Burned, you guys
They will love her .. They will love her .. Obviously they will not be woken up. They do not care what problem wearing hats like this?
Well I am not a stylish person but someone can explain this to me
Well .. what is this? The best part of all this hehhee is
Fawzi collapsed .. on the parking lot after the event was canceled
I will say a final word
I'm crying now because I'm afraid
Can I say one thing I cry as you can tell me
- I DONT LOVE BANKS I LOVE BANKS
I love banks too because they allow loans to start people's projects and raise them
The economy I love banks .. is talking about YouTube banks apparently is
He talks about the banks because he said it on "DMZ" once - you think I'll get it
When the banks of "DMZ" randomly and that man at the top of the foolish competition still deals with me
what what ? Someone who is holding a deal with you! Hey shouted
You are at the top of the world. You are now the man of this man
Man because if we work together we can all work billions of dollars I do not
I know if I'm supposed to share this information ... no it's not better to ask you
Do not share this thinking information on a higher level but this
High level thinking because you think clearly without greed without
The ego of this man is in fact saying that he thinks without greed and without arrogance and anyone who thinks
Otherwise, he thinks he's crazy they're not on a higher level of thinking this
If you do not understand that this guy basically has no ego because you're not on
- Higher level of thinking .. This is you really - why can not I start
Infrastructure and named Fusi Tube companies and set up teams and set up groups
And identify infrastructure so I can help make the world a better place
Just do that no one cares No one prevents you why I can not
That became "Kanye West" and then tells how he met Drake and I do not understand why
Anyone who listens to this man at this point I think this is the most amazing thing
From all this I mean I think it's like watching the train wreck it
The same reason I'm talking about is fun to look at and finally
Did not he do all this? What interest ? What did he try to achieve?
Apparently he released a song that was the cause of the noise .. I imagined that Fussie would eventually come out ..
This song is sung but instead we get to hear it in the parking lot and it is so
Assassin is the killer now what he is saying is that this song will be
Number one in the vogue board and 350 million in three months
The Banger Club and the radio all over the world at least once a day and let us
- Listen - This song is talking about
Celebrities are interacting with everything or any YouTube in the world. All the Utopars in the world maybe that 's what' s happening now
- Maybe I do not know - U Khaled .. Acting does not work with me I can get
- Your album maybe? - Of course not with yourself, my friend
Wow it's TG Cali that's really cool
ðŸŽµhai Bryan ha ha ha Rice has no soul ðŸŽµ ðŸŽµ did not get a deeper layer one was a ghost rider
ðŸŽµ One goes to the player, he is the ballast of Balstrak .. Alnanger # 1
GNA all over the world responded to it all
A million viewers that he "Rice Kam" Destrak it "Rice Kam" Constitution
Of course this is of course what people hear in the first club
I love this song and I love the ball on the guy Rice .. Well I'm done
I ended this was everything .. this was the July 15 disaster and the Fusi Tube event summarized you
If you do not know that you are just a field .. and fuse that you are watching
I'm sure this is well .. how are you just showing up in need of selfish and full example
For the idiot we really see this more and more
Now with the Utopians who were once famous and doing anything for fame
Do anything to try desperately to stay yell and you know it's sad
As it is still very entertaining I do not complain but I keep thinking
Too many ottiopers should not be utopers
Fussi is clearly not 100% in his thinking and it is difficult to be Utopur, I think
Many people are not ready for it once they reach this height
Of subscribers and get money and everyone loves you know but it's up
To a point with everyone where you just start just start to get off and others
Of people do not accept it and I think it drives people to madness. I want to encourage you
To ask yourself why you want all this why you want to be a song
So much hot why you want to get as many views as you did
What I meant was because I think you should be honest with yourself and only answer these questions
You will stay in the same trap over and over again and I really am
Like I enjoyed laughing at these things but I do not really feel really
Like I hope to just become crazy and end up dead or something I do not know
Because this is what I see here. At least there is a path. The message has arrived
Video is now over to go and leave an impression if you really enjoyed watching
Appreciate it and subscribe if you have not done click the bell button and I'll see you
Hey guys tomorrow goodbye